Redefine Prio3Histogram measurement and parameters (#243)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf: draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf.md

### Prio3Histogram

This instance of Prio3 allows for estimating a distribution of measurements by

> computing a simple histogram. Each measurement increments one histogram bucket,
> out of a set of fixed buckets. The aggregate result counts the number of

Reviewer: I think we need to be a bit more clear about what the measurements are. It may also be helpful to be a bit more concrete with an example.

```suggestion
computing a simple histogram. Each measurement is the index of the histogram bucket,
out of a fixed-length sequence of buckets. For example, the buckets might quantize the real numbers, and each measurement would report the bucket into which a client's value (a real number) would fall. The aggregate result counts the number of
```
